#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\notefontcolor #cf8a00
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1.5cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 1.5cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 5
\tocdepth 5
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
MVB notes aug 2016
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Title...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Intro: IWC-ify
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Need (and mention early) a how-to guide, for how we suggest you check an
 existing desgin.
 I think the data requirements are specified in Appendix 1 except *** Envir
 Cov should be what / used how? But what exactly software to run / functions
 to call?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Happily, Lyx 
\begin_inset Formula $\geqslant2.20$
\end_inset

 now understands having a dot-bib file in the SAME folder as the document,
 without needing to mess around with textrees and similar flibble-flubble.
 You just name the file (not the folder) in the preamble, via
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\family typewriter

\backslash
addbibresource{mybibs.bib}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Fig 1: conveys no information at all! (Nice colours tho...).
 Dot-plot or contours or something...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Fig 4 can we have an 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

overconfident
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 one too please?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Fig 5 (bias)— I don't understand the labelling, and NB everything is 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

good
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

? The HT estimatotrs seem best in LH column...
 what is Y-axis? and HT strat is *always* OK..? Looks like HT strat kills
 all the others!! After discussion:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
strat for bad case is far too well chosen! Need to think...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
different HT options as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

default
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 case
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
drop 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

nonconvergent cases
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Weather issues— where has weather gone? I think we need weather in there
 to at least make it harder for nonstrat HT
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Group size and g0 (ignored, say what that means)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
¿Demo of non-pooling-robust?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
